# Fibonacci-Sequencer-
Receives user input, each class will calculate the fibonacci number in their distinct ways. |                Recursive algorithms and iterative algorithm's were employed to calculate the 'n' amount of |                Fibonacci numbers that will be displayed in 3 different tables for each class accompanied with |                calculated runtime in nanoseconds. | |                The Recursive Fibonacci Sequence: |                        FibSequence.java calculates the amount of fibonacci numbers requested in a |                        recursive fashion stores them inside an array to be printed. | |                The Iterative Fibonacci Sequence: |                        LoopFibSequence.java calculates the amount of fibonacci numbers requested in an |                       iterative fashion stores them inside an array to be printed. | |                The Fast Recursive Fibonacci Sequence: |                        FastFibSequence.java calculates the amount of fibonacci numbers requested in a |                        recursive fashion, however, it uses already calculated values to calculate remaining values |                        remaining values and stores them inside an array to be printed. | |                FibDemo.java : |                        Checks the validity of User input and outputs the contents of each Fibonacci Sequence |                        classes' stored array in a table designed to look squarish and right-aligned. |                        With the name of each array accompanying their respected table with the computed |                        time for each calculation in nanoseconds. | |        Input:   file input from user, with an integer to be calculated by each Fibonacci class | |       Output:   Three tables for each Fibonacci Sequence class with calculated runtime in nanoseconds | |     Process:    Receives user input, each class will calculate the fibonacci number in their distinct ways. |                 Recursive algorithms and iterative algorithm's were employed to calculate the 'n' amount of |                 Fibonacci numbers that will be displayed in 3 different tables for each class accompanied with |                 calculated runtime in nanoseconds.
